 Refactor examples with Readme and more real-world cases
 A strategy pattern that makes ducks quack is less useful than that which uses an actual strategy to help the developer (like say, a sorting function that changes implementation based on number of elements). The readme should also be there as an introduction to the need for the pattern itself, as well as maybe some good quality (subjective) external references and links
 mediatorPatternAdded
 
 Implemented Builder Pattern with regards to issue #8
 Sorry for the miss-spelled "issue" on the commit message.

Check out my implementation of the builder creational design pattern. It makes the client code very simple. And the usage is quite intuitive. 
Looks good, I will test it once tonight. Can you modify the structure so that it is not BuilderPattern/BuilderPattern but only BuilderPattern

Okay... I will modify the directory structure

I have changed the folder structure

I have also implemented the Chain of Responsibility design pattern

 Add Prototype pattern
 
@dimOk00 can you resolve the conflicts? just need to rebuild the solution

will try it out soon. busy with work now. Thanks for the work

 Add builder pattern
 Add builder pattern #8 
 Removed Factory out of the README.md
 Factory directory does not exist.
I will add factory pattern back to the repo in a few days. Closing it for now

 Visitor and Flyweight Patterns
 
Will check it out tomorrow. Thanks for your help @rickywo 

 FlyweightPattern
 
 Bridge Pattern
 Added Bridge Pattern into repo
 add DotnetCore support and delete old files
 
any reason why you created a new folder? I don't think there is anything except the project itself that changes between framework and core. If there are, can you please tell me and I will accommodate those changes

Will check it out 

 Implement Builder pattern
 
 Implement Bridge pattern
 
This pattern has been added.

yayyy. Thanks @rickywo

 Implement Flyweight pattern
 
 Implement Visitor pattern
 
 Upgrade Coffe Grounds from 5 centuries ago to 21st century Coffee Grounds 
 
 Fix java-like brace
 
 Simplified implementation with the use of Lazy<T>.
 
I will merge it once I run it in VS

@aloisdeniel you seem to be missing the brackets at the end of your _singleton assignment at line 7. Correcting that and merging the changes in a while

 I fixed markdown links in README.md 
 Any markdown link had typo.Fixed it.
